Terms and conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE (INCLUDING, THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND CHOICE OF LAW AND JURISDICTION SECTIONS)
Please note that the PATIENT ACCESS service is an entirely separate service and using it is subject to specific terms of use and a separate privacy notice which may be found at patientaccess.com.
Terms and conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE (INCLUDING, THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND CHOICE OF LAW AND JURISDICTION SECTIONS)
Please note that the PATIENT ACCESS service is an entirely separate service and using it is subject to specific terms of use and a separate privacy notice which may be found at patientaccess.com.
Website Operator
This Website is run by Patient (referred to below as “Patient”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
Patient is a brand name of Egton Medical Information Systems Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (company number 2117205) with registered offices at Fulford Grange, Micklefield Lane, Rawdon, Leeds, LS19 6BA. We are a limited company.
Application of Terms of Use
These “Terms of Use” (together with the documents referred to in them) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website PATIENT.INFO (the “Website”), whether as a guest or registered user. Use of our Website includes accessing, browsing, searching, using our forums, use of any service which we may provide or registering to use the Website.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully (including the “Limitations of Liability” and “Choice of Law and Jurisdiction” sections below) before you start to use our Website, as these will apply to your use of our Website.
We may update these Terms of Use from time to time, including, to reflect changes in law or as a result of changes to the content of the Website or the addition of new features – it is therefore important that you refer to these Terms of Use from time to time to ensure that you are familiar with the relevant terms which will govern your use of the Website. This version of the Terms of Use is effective as of 1 June 2021.
By using our Website, you confirm that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must not use our Website.
These Terms of Use incorporate the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our Website:
Subject to any specific terms identified in respect of a particular feature or part of our Website, these Terms of Use (including, our Privacy Notice) constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your use of the Website.
Accessing the Website
We do not guarantee that our Website, or any content on it, will always be available or that access to it will be uninterrupted. Access to our Website is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our Website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our Website (or any part, feature of or service under the Website) is removed or is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to access our Website (including, having access to an internet connection and an appropriate browser).
You are also responsible for ensuring that everyone who accesses our Website through your internet connection is aware of these Terms of Use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.